Multi data source search (#102)
ome/omero_search_engine: docs/configuration/configuration_installation.rst

* When the app runs for the first time, it will look for the application configuration file.

  * If the file does not exist, it will copy a default file to the user's home folder.

>   * The file contains some default values which the user should modify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The file contains some default values that the user should modify.
```

* The user needs to install Elasticsearch_ before start using the app.

* The user may need to create the Elasticsearch_ indices and insert the required data in order to use the application.

* The method ``get_index_data_from_database`` inside :omero_search_engine:`manage.py <manage.py>` allows indexing automatically from the app.

* Index the data using CSV files:

>   * The data should be extracted from the IDR/OMERO database using some SQL queries and saved to csv files using :omero_search_engine:`sql_to_csv.py <omero_search_engine/cache_functions/elasticsearch/sql_to_csv.py>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The data should be extracted from the IDR/OMERO database using some SQL queries and saved to CSV files using :omero_search_engine:`sql_to_csv.py <omero_search_engine/cache_functions/elasticsearch/sql_to_csv.py>`
```

  * The image index data is generated in a large file, so it is recommended that the user splits it into several files to facilitate the processing of the data and its insertion into the index e.g. ``split -l 2600000 images.csv``.

>   * ``create_index``: Create the Elasticsearch indices no data have been previously added, it can be used to create a single index or all the indices; the default is creating all the indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``create_index``: Create the Elasticsearch indices no data have been previously added, it can be used to create a single index or all the indices; the default is to create all the indices.
```

>   * ``create_index``: Create the Elasticsearch indices in case of there is no data been added before, it can be used to create a single index or all the indices; the default is creating all the indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``create_index``: Create the Elasticsearch indices no data have been previously added, it can be used to create a single index or all the indices; the default is creating all the indices.
```

>   * ``create_index``: Create the Elasticsearch indices in case of the there is no data been added before, it can be used to create a single index or all the indices; the default is creating all the indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``create_index``: Create the Elasticsearch indices in case of there is no data been added before, it can be used to create a single index or all the indices; the default is creating all the indices.
```

>   * ``create_index``: Create the Elasticsearch indices in case of the there is no data been added before, it can be used to create a single index or all the indices; the default is creating all the indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``create_index``: Create the Elasticsearch indices in case of the there is no data been added before, it can be used to create a single index or all the indices; the default is to create all the indices.
```

>   * The user should add a new data source (csv) using the ''set_data_source_files'' command inside :omero_search_engine:`manage.py <manage.py>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The user should add a new data source (CSV) using the ''set_data_source_files'' command inside :omero_search_engine:`manage.py <manage.py>`
```

>   * ``get_index_data_from_csv_files`` is used to read the data, to format it then to push the data to the resource Elasticsearch index. The user can provide a single file (CSV format) or folder, in the later the indexer will use all the files inside the folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``get_index_data_from_csv_files`` is used to read the data, to format it then to push the data to the resource Elasticsearch index. The user can provide a single file (CSV format) or folder. If a folder is specified, the indexer will use all the CSV files inside the folder.
```

>   * ``get_index_data_from_csv_files`` is used to read the data, format it then push the data to the resource ELasticsearch index. The user can provide a single file (CSV format) or folder, in the later the indexer will use all the files inside the folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``get_index_data_from_csv_files`` is used to read the data, to format it then to push the data to the resource Elasticsearch index. The user can provide a single file (CSV format) or folder, in the later the indexer will use all the files inside the folder.
```

>   * ``get_index_data_from_csv_files``is used to read the data, format it then push the data to the resource ELasticsearch index. The user can provide a single file (CSV format) or folder, in the later the indexer will use all the files inside the folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``get_index_data_from_csv_files`` is used to read the data, format it then push the data to the resource ELasticsearch index. The user can provide a single file (CSV format) or folder, in the later the indexer will use all the files inside the folder.
```
